--字段

cell_id 
cell_gbt 
cell_supplier_measurement_time 
cell_supplier_voltage_v 
cell_supplier_capacity_ah 
cell_supplier_energy_wh 
cell_supplier_resistance_ac_w
cell_supplier_resistance_dc_mw
cell_supplier_short_voltage_v
cell_supplier_short_current_mW
cell_supplier_weight_g
cell_supplier_weight_electrolyte_g
cell_supplier_diameter_top_0deg_mm
cell_supplier_diameter_bot_0deg_mm
cell_supplier_total_height_mp29_mean_mm
cell_supplier_total_height_mp29_med_mm
cell_supplier_total_height_mp29_std_mm
cell_supplier_batch_vent_pressure_mean_pa
cell_supplier_batch_vent_pressure_med_pa
cell_supplier_batch_vent_pressure_std_pa
cell_supplier_pallet_id
cell_supplier_box_id
cell_supplier_diameter_top_120deg_mm
cell_supplier_diameter_top_240deg_mm
cell_supplier_diameter_mid_0deg_mm
cell_supplier_diameter_mid_120deg_mm
cell_supplier_diameter_mid_240deg_mm
cell_supplier_diameter_bot_120deg_mm
cell_supplier_diameter_bot_240deg_mm
cell_supplier_total_height_mp29_mm
cell_supplier_batch_vent_pressure_n

-- EveCellInfoBy4110 definition

CREATE TABLE EveCellInfoBy4110(
cell_id                                         TEXT(36) NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY,--DMC码
cell_gbt                                        TEXT NOT NULL,--国标码
cell_supplier_measurement_time                  DATETIME NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_voltage_v							NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_capacity_ah						NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_energy_wh							NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_resistance_ac_w                   NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_resistance_dc_mw                  NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_short_voltage_v                   NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_short_current_mW                  NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_weight_g                          NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_weight_electrolyte_g              NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_diameter_top_0deg_mm              NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_diameter_bot_0deg_mm              NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_total_height_mp29_mean_mm         NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_total_height_mp29_med_mm          NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_total_height_mp29_std_mm          NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_batch_vent_pressure_mean_pa       NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_batch_vent_pressure_med_pa        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_batch_vent_pressure_std_pa        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_pallet_id                         TEXT NOT NULL,--托盘码
cell_supplier_box_id                            TEXT NULL,--外箱码
cell_supplier_diameter_top_120deg_mm            NUMERIC NULL,
cell_supplier_diameter_top_240deg_mm            NUMERIC NULL,
cell_supplier_diameter_mid_0deg_mm              NUMERIC NULL,
cell_supplier_diameter_mid_120deg_mm            NUMERIC NULL,
cell_supplier_diameter_mid_240deg_mm            NUMERIC NULL,
cell_supplier_diameter_bot_120deg_mm            NUMERIC NULL,
cell_supplier_diameter_bot_240deg_mm            NUMERIC NULL,
cell_supplier_total_height_mp29_mm              NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_batch_vent_pressure_n				NUMERIC NOT NULL,
edi_send_flag						   			TEXT NOT NULL DEFAULT ('N'),			
edi_send_time						   			DATETIME NULL
);