-- EveCellInfo definition

CREATE TABLE EveCellInfo(
cell_gbt							   TEXT(36) NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY,--国标码	
cell_id                                TEXT NOT NULL,--DMC码
cell_supplier_pallet_id                TEXT NOT NULL,--托盘码
cell_supplier_box_id                   TEXT NULL,--外箱码
cell_supplier_batch_vent_pressure_1_pa NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_batch_vent_pressure_2_pa NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_batch_vent_pressure_3_pa NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_batch_vent_pressure_4_pa NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_batch_vent_pressure_5_pa NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_measurement_time         DATETIME NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_capacity_ah              NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_energy_wh                NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_voltage_v                NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_short_voltage_v          NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_resistance_ac_mw          NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_resistance_rpt_w         NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_weight_electrolyte_g     NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_short_current_mA         NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_weight_g                 NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp1_mm         NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp2_mm         NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp3_mm         NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp4_mm         NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp5_mm         NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp6_mm         NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp7_mm         NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp8_mm         NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp9_mm         NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp10_mm        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp11_mm        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp12_mm        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp13_mm        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp14_mm        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp15_mm        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp16_mm        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp17_mm        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp18_mm        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp19_mm        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp20_mm        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp21_mm        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp22_mm        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp23_mm        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp24_mm        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_thickness_mp25_mm        NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_length_mp26_mm           NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_length_mp27_mm           NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_length_mp28_mm           NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_total_height_mp29_mm     NUMERIC NOT NULL,
cell_supplier_body_height_mp30_mm      NUMERIC NOT NULL,
edi_send_flag						   TEXT NOT NULL DEFAULT ('N'),			
edi_send_time						   DATETIME NULL
);